---
date: "2022-01-31"
title: 2022
---

_August 1996_

Dawn started showing through the open blinds and I shot awake, surprised I'd been able to fall asleep. C slept soundly next to me, thank god, and I crept out of his bed, out of his room, and up the stairs, where my dad met me and asked what I was doing awake at that hour. When I told him he said, "I'll go with you." Not what I'd planned, but it made me feel safe.

We drove to the house. Our little town was quiet and looked peaceful, as if a great tragedy hadn't occurred. I resented it, its neat gravel roads turned rosy by the sunrise, its residents tucked safely back behind towering pines and poplars. 

The house looked dark and imposing and it made my breath catch. It had been my home away from home for the past 4 months, a place of comfort and refuge, but now I felt a jolt of fear. I had come here, before C, to make sure nothing awful had been left behind for him to find, but now I was afraid to be the one to find something.

I asked my dad to stay outside and went in. Ginger the cat darted out past my legs and I thought dear god, was she in there the whole time? The lights were off and I left them that way. On the dining room table sat the divorce papers, and next to them R's reading glasses. I could picture him sitting there, signing the papers and then taking off his glasses and pinching the bridge of his nose.

I went into the master bedroom and found it in better shape than I had hoped. The top mattress was missing. No blood that I could see, anywhere. On the dresser, an almost-empty box of ammo, not exactly out of place in a Wyoming house. No gun. A walkthrough of the rest of the property showed everything in as good of shape. I let the cat back in and left, thankful to whomever had cleaned up.





